1. What is Emmet?
Ans: Emmet is a plugin for many popular text editors like VS Code which improves HTML, CSS & javaScript
     workflows.
     Example: html:5 with tab button click will create complete skeleton of html5.

2. Difference between a Library & Framework
Ans: Framework - 1. Provides ready to use tools, standards, templates and policies for fast applicatoin development
                 2. Framework controls caling of libraries for our Code
                 3. To leverage the benefit of Framework a fresh applicatoin can be developed using following the Framework's guidelines.
                 4. Easy to create & deploy a software application quickly
                 5. Intent of framework is to reduce the complexity of the software development process.

       Library - 1. Provides reusable funciton for our code.
                 2. Our code controls when & where to call a Library.
                 3. Library can be added to augment the features of an existing application.
                 4. Facilitates program binding
                 5. Helps to resuse a software function.
                 6. Intent of a Library is to provide reusable software functionality.

3. What is CDN? why do we use it?
Ans: Content Deliver Network is a distributed network of servers that delivers web content to users based
     on their geographical location. The main purpose of the CDN is to improve the performance of websites
     and reduce latency by caching static content such as images, videos and HTML files form multiple locatoins
     around the world.

4. Why is React known as React?
Ans: Facebook choose the name React as it helps developers build user interface that are fast & responsive or "reactive".
     The library was designed to "react" to changes in data.

5. What is cross-origin in script tag?
Ans: crossorigin attribut sets the mode of request to an HTTP CORS request.
     A crossorigin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframe, images, fonts or scripts) from other domain.

6. What is Difference between React and ReactDOM.
Ans: React & ReactDOM was split post version 14.
     The reason React & ReactDOM was split into two libraries was due to arrival of React Native.
     
     The React package contains React.createElement, React.createClass, React.Component, React.protoTypes
     React.Children and other helpers related to elements and component classes that help us in build component

     The react-dom package contains ReactDOM.render, ReactDOM.unmountComponentAtNode, and ReactDOM.findDOMNode and
     in react-dom/server we have server-side rendering support with ReactDOMServer.renderToString and
     ReactDOMServer.renderToStaticMarkup


7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js file via CDN?
Ans: react.development.js - More developer friendly, readable, will take more size.
     react.production.js - Minified code that is not developer friendly as it focused on decreasing in file size, code efficiency.


8. What is async and defer?
Ans: defer attribute: First the defer attribute will download the script file and then wait for HTML parsing.
     After the end of the HTML parsing, the script will execute.
     In other words, it will guarantee all the scripts will execute after the HTML parsing.
     Defer attribute is useful when the script is used for DOM manipulations.

     Async attribute: The async attribute will download the script file and execute without waiting for the end of HTML parsing.
     In other words, it does not guarantee that all the scripts will execute after the HTML parsing.
     The async attribute is useful when the script is not used for DOM manipulation.
     Sometimes you need a script only for server-side operations or for handling cache or cookies, but not for DOM manipulations.    
